Add documentation examples for loading credentials externally (#2299)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/hooks/common_use_cases.md

    end = time.time()
    self._logger.info("Loading dataset %s ended at %0.3f", dataset_name, end)
```

## Use Hooks to load external credentials

> We recommend using the `after_context_created` Hook to add credentials to the session's config loader instance. In this example we show how to load credentials from Azure KeyVault.

Reviewer: Link to KeyVault?

Reviewer: Is it worth saying something like other stores are supported (examples) and explain what differences there may be (if any)?

 file_format: csv
 credentials: abs_creds
```

We can then use the following hook implementation to fetch and inject these credentials:

```python
# hooks.py

from kedro.framework.hooks import hook_impl
from azure.keyvault.secrets import SecretClient
from azure.identity import DefaultAzureCredential

class AzureSecretsHook:
    @hook_impl
    def after_context_created(self, context) -> None:
        keyVaultName = "keyvault-0542abb"  # or os.environ["KEY_VAULT_NAME"] if you would like to provide it through environment variables
        KVUri = f"https://{keyVaultName}.vault.azure.net"

        my_credential = DefaultAzureCredential()
        client = SecretClient(vault_url=KVUri, credential=my_credential)

        secrets = {
            "abs_creds": "azure-blob-store",
            "s3_creds": "s3-bucket-creds",
        }
        azure_creds = {
            cred_name: client.get_secret(secret_name).value
            for cred_name, secret_name in secrets.items()
        }

        context.config_loader["credentials"] = {
            **context.config_loader["credentials"],
            **azure_creds,
        }
```

> And finally, don't forget to add the hook to your `settings.py` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add the hook to your `settings.py` file:
```

> And finally, don't forget to add the hook to your `settings.py` file:

Reviewer 2: Maybe add this [link](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/hooks/introduction.html#registering-your-hook-implementations-with-kedro) here to our docs on `how to register hook implementations`.

```python
from my_project.hooks import AzureSecretsHook

HOOKS = (AzureSecretsHook(),)
```

> Note: `DefaultAzureCredential()` is Azure's recommended approach to authorise access to data in your storasge accounts. For more information please see [Azure's documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-python).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `DefaultAzureCredential()` is Azure's recommended approach to authorise access to data in your storage accounts. For more information, consult the [documentation about how to authenticate to Azure and authorize access to blob data](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-quickstart-blobs-python).
```

Reviewer: I'd also put this in a note block, but can't do that in the suggestion because of the formatting

```{note}
NOTE TEXT
```
